Ten years ago.
I spent my summer vacation in the garden
Grandpa, please rescue me before the same city
Afterwards, I sneaked back to see
It was hell on Earth.
Since then
The world aristocratic family does not obey the Situ family
The Situ family is unshakable
At that time?
There is also a female reporter who knows nothing about life and death
Also a research leader
Took some photos at the scene
Final result
sink into the sea
A few years ago.
We finally found this female reporter
Let the Jiang family deal with him thoroughly
That car
It was my mother.
Finally found you
You want revenge?
Trying to kill me
Come on, I'm standing right in front of you.
Can you come and try it?
Calm down a little
Pamper first
Calm down later
The latter is selfish
Must invest
Kill Ma Sengoku dead Ma family is still there
Like standing up after falling
Within ten steps
No one can stop me
We're here to save Miss Li
Talk about it later
OK
I will tolerate today's current affairs
I will definitely let them return it someday.